feat(experiment): introduce oci experiment flag for OCI module sources (#6461)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/src/data/changelog/v1.1.1/oci-modules.mdx

---
version: "v1.1.1"
category: "experiments-added"
---

#### `oci` - Module sources from OCI registries

> The `oci` experiment has been added as the gate for downloading OpenTofu modules from OCI Distribution registries using `oci://` source URLs in a `terraform { source = "..." }` block. This targets the same registries OpenTofu 1.10 supports natively, such as Amazon ECR, GitHub Container Registry, Azure Container Registry, Google Artifact Registry, and self-hosted or air-gapped registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oci` experiment has been added as the gate for downloading source code (including OpenTofu modules) from OCI Distribution registries using `oci://` schema URLs in Terragrunt configurations (including `terraform.source` attributes). This targets the same registries OpenTofu 1.10 supports natively, such as Amazon ECR, GitHub Container Registry, Azure Container Registry, Google Artifact Registry, and self-hosted or air-gapped registries.
```

> In this release the flag is reserved only. Enabling it has no behavioral effect yet, and `oci://` sources still fail to download. The getter that resolves `oci://` sources will land behind this flag in follow-up releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, the only change is the reservation of the experiment name. Enabling it has no behavioral effect yet, and `oci://` sources still fail to download. The getter that resolves `oci://` sources will be gated by this experiment in follow-up releases.
```
